docs/discover/dapps.md, before:

# Ecosystem dApps and Services


## dApps

- DART: https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/what-is-dart-ff0099917e21
- Zorrosign
- Storyline
- Figure [Equity Solutions](https://www.figure.com/equity-solutions/) - Cap table management leveraging immutable records and instant traceability
- Figure [Marketplace](https://www.figure.com/digital-fund-services/) - Bilateral trading of digital assets, including loans, loan participation, and private equity
- Figure Loan Origination System
- [Figure Pay](www.figurepay.com) - Payments using blockchain rails
- Figure Passport - Digital Identity on-chain for entities and individuals
- Figure Portfolio Manager - Manage and see the real-time performance of loans on Provenance Blockchain
  - https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/taking-figures-portfolio-manager-for-a-spin-around-the-block-chain-a6d2f751feb7
- https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/storyline-builds-on-provenance-blockchain-c9a0e56e2d67
- FES & ATS: - https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/cap-tables-private-company-stock-on-provenance-blockchain-e45fa172c0f1

<br/>

## Services & Tooling

- [Digital Money](/docs/discover/money)
- [Fiat On/Off Ramps](/docs/discover/ramps)
- Documents and Private Data Management

Commit message:

Update dApps and Services page

docs/discover/dapps.md, after:

# Ecosystem dApps

Decentralized applications (dApps) are being developed or in production for a number of users of the Provenance Blockchain. Stay tuned for continuous updates, or reach out if you'd like your project listed.

### dApps

- [DART](https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/what-is-dart-ff0099917e21): A digital asset registry running on Provenance Blockchain.
- [Zorrosign](https://www.zorrosign.com/): Secure digital signatures, transactions, and documentation company.
- [Storyline](https://followstoryline.io/): Blockchain solutions for the entertainment contracts industry.
- [Figure Equity Solutions](https://www.figure.com/equity-solutions/): Cap table management leveraging immutable records and instant traceability.
- [Figure Marketplace](https://www.figure.com/digital-fund-services/): Bilateral trading of digital assets, including loans, loan participation, and private equity.
- [Figure Loan Origination System](https://www.figure.com/blockchain/): Loans recorded, shared and exchanged, all on Provenance Blockchain.
- [Figure Pay](www.figurepay.com): Payments improved using Provenance Blockchain.
- [Figure Portfolio Manager](https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/taking-figures-portfolio-manager-for-a-spin-around-the-block-chain-a6d2f751feb7): Manage and see the real-time performance of loans on Provenance Blockchain.
- Figure Passport: Digital Identity on-chain for entities and individuals.

### Build a dApp

Ready to start building? Visit our [tutorials](/docs/build/tutorials/) page!

### dApp Medium Articles

- https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/storyline-builds-on-provenance-blockchain-c9a0e56e2d67
- https://medium.com/provenanceblockchain/cap-tables-private-company-stock-on-provenance-blockchain-e45fa172c0f1
