docs/discover/wallets.mdx, before:

# Wallets

A blockchain wallet allows users to store and manage their assets and sign/send messages on the blockchain.

> Before starting development, it is recommended that dApp developers familiarize themselves with the Provenance Blockchain
> [Key Management Strategies](/docs/pb/integrating/integrating-with-p8e/p8e-contract-execution-environment-p8e/key-management/)
> the available wallets supported by Provenance Blockchain.

### Supported Wallets

#### [Citadel.one](https://citadel.one/)

Self custody mobile wallet applications offered by Citadel.one available for download on the App Store and Google Play.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/citadel-one/id1546701475">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=one.citadel.mobile">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### [Comsostation](https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Cosmostation available for download on the App Store, Google Play and Chrome Web Store.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/cosmostation/id1459830339">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wannabit.io.cosmostaion">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cosmostation-wallet/fpkhgmpbidmiogeglndfbkegfdlnajnf">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### [Figure](https://www.figure.com/wallet/)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Figure available for download on the App Store, Google Play and Chrome Web Store.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2 mb-5">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/figure-wallet/id6444263900">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.figure.mobile.wallet">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/figure-wallet/mgbfflhghaohmaecmaggieniidindaoc">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

Custodied wallet offered by Figure. <a href="https://www.figure.com/wallet/set-up-a-wallet/">Learn how</a> to set up a Figure Wallet.

#### [Keplr](https://www.keplr.app/)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Keplr available for download on the App Store, Google Play, Chrome Web Store and Firefox Add-On.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/keplr-wallet/id1567851089">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chainapsis.keplr">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/keplr/">
    <img
      src="/img/firefoxAddonsBadge.png"
      alt="Firefox Addons Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### Ongoing Development

Provenance Blockchain Foundation is continuing development to support new wallets and improve the blockchain experience for our users. Stay tuned for more updates, or reach out to us with questions.

Commit message:

Adds instructions to recover wallet with figure wallet

docs/discover/wallets.mdx, after:

# Wallets

A blockchain wallet allows users to store and manage their assets and sign/send messages on the blockchain.

> Before starting development, it is recommended that dApp developers familiarize themselves with the Provenance Blockchain
> [Key Management Strategies](/docs/pb/integrating/integrating-with-p8e/p8e-contract-execution-environment-p8e/key-management/)
> the available wallets supported by Provenance Blockchain.

### Supported Wallets

#### [Citadel.one](https://citadel.one/)

Self custody mobile wallet applications offered by Citadel.one available for download on the App Store and Google Play.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/citadel-one/id1546701475">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=one.citadel.mobile">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### [Comsostation](https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Cosmostation available for download on the App Store, Google Play and Chrome Web Store.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/cosmostation/id1459830339">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wannabit.io.cosmostaion">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cosmostation-wallet/fpkhgmpbidmiogeglndfbkegfdlnajnf">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### [Figure](https://www.figure.com/wallet/)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Figure available for download on the App Store, Google Play and Chrome Web Store.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2 mb-5">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/figure-wallet/id6444263900">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.figure.mobile.wallet">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/figure-wallet/mgbfflhghaohmaecmaggieniidindaoc">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

Custodied wallet offered by Figure. <a href="https://www.figure.com/wallet/set-up-a-wallet/">Learn how</a> to set up a Figure Wallet.

<div className="text-xs">

**The new Figure Wallet is a fork of the Provenance Blockchain Wallet. If you use a Provenance Blockchain Wallet and have your mnemonic phrase, Figure has made it simple to transition to a Figure Wallet. Follow these steps:**

1. Install the Figure wallet of your choosing (Figure Mobile Wallet or Figure Chrome Extension Wallet).
1. Open the Figure wallet and click the `Create Account` button.
   - If you already have a Figure wallet with existing accounts, click the Accounts kebob in the upper left corner and select `Create Account`.
1. Save your mnemonic phrase!!
1. Once the account creation process is complete, your Figure wallet dashboard will show you your new blockchain account. It will be formatted like `pb1...`.
1. Open your Provenance Wallet and transfer your assets to the new blockchain account shown in your Figure wallet.

</div>

#### [Keplr](https://www.keplr.app/)

Self custody wallet applications offered by Keplr available for download on the App Store, Google Play, Chrome Web Store and Firefox Add-On.

<div className="flex flex-wrap gap-2">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/keplr-wallet/id1567851089">
    <img
      src="/img/appStoreBadge.svg"
      alt="Apple App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="134px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chainapsis.keplr">
    <img
      src="/img/googlePlayBadge.png"
      alt="Google App Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="150px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en">
    <img
      src="/img/chromeWebStore.png"
      alt="Chrome Web Store Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/keplr/">
    <img
      src="/img/firefoxAddonsBadge.png"
      alt="Firefox Addons Download button"
      role="button"
      width="160px"
    />
  </a>
</div>

#### Ongoing Development

Provenance Blockchain Foundation is continuing development to support new wallets and improve the blockchain experience for our users. Stay tuned for more updates, or reach out to us with questions.
