docs/pb/blockchain/running-a-node/running-a-node-1/join-provenance-testnet/running-a-testnet-node-from-quicksync.md, before:

# Running a testnet node from quicksync

import { DocSubheader } from '/docs/components/DocSubheader';

<DocSubheader text="Running a testnet node for pio-testnet-1 from a quicksync file." />

The steps for running testnet are exactly the same as mainnet except that the github repo is here https://github.com/provenance-io/testnet and the chain id is `pio-testnet-1`

````markup
Step 1: download the latest quickysync via https://test.provenance.io/quicksync.
Step 2: Note down the provenance version required for the quicksync file downloaded in step 1.
Step 3: Download appropriate release from https://github.com/provenance-io/provenance/releases/ noted from step 2.
Step 4: Untar data directory from the quicksync download and replacing the untarred data directory to $PIO_HOME/data
Step 5: Run the below commands
export PIO_HOME=~/.provenanced // or directory of your choosing.
provenanced init -t choose-a-moniker --chain-id pio-testnet-1
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/provenance-io/testnet/main/pio-testnet-1/genesis.json> genesis.json
mv genesis.json $PIO_HOME/config
Step 6: provenanced start --testnet --p2p.seeds 4403e0e55fa4e43a454c4bf7922c8a93a51fb12d@seed.test.provenance.io:26656 --x-crisis-skip-assert-invariants
````

Commit message:

Update documentation to reflect the steps required  to set up a node
This commit updates the documentation to remove the use of the
cleveldb requirement, as the foundation has advised me this has been
removed following version 1.13. I've also refreshed the docs for
both mainnet and testnet to indicate that these were written under
the assumption of v1.16.0 as there were multiple version references
in these pages. I've also described the necessity of using the `-t`
flag when running a testnet node, as this can lead to undefined
behaviour if not supplied when running the testnet chain.

docs/pb/blockchain/running-a-node/running-a-node-1/join-provenance-testnet/running-a-testnet-node-from-quicksync.md, after:

# Running a testnet node from quicksync

import { DocSubheader } from '/docs/components/DocSubheader';

<DocSubheader text="Running a testnet node for pio-testnet-1 from a quicksync file." />

The steps for running testnet are for the most part the same as mainnet except that the github repo is here
[https://github.com/provenance-io/testnet](https://github.com/provenance-io/testnet), the `-t` flag is required to
set the key prefix from 505 to 1 (putting the binary in testnet mode)and the chain id is `pio-testnet-1`

````markup
Step 1: download the latest quickysync via https://test.provenance.io/quicksync.
Step 2: Note down the provenance version required for the quicksync file downloaded in step 1.
Step 3: Download appropriate release from https://github.com/provenance-io/provenance/releases/ noted from step 2.
Step 4: Untar data directory from the quicksync download and replacing the untarred data directory to $PIO_HOME/data
Step 5: Run the below commands
export PIO_HOME=~/.provenanced // or directory of your choosing.
provenanced init -t choose-a-moniker --chain-id pio-testnet-1
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/provenance-io/testnet/main/pio-testnet-1/genesis.json> genesis.json
mv genesis.json $PIO_HOME/config
Step 6: provenanced start --testnet --p2p.seeds 4403e0e55fa4e43a454c4bf7922c8a93a51fb12d@seed.test.provenance.io:26656 --x-crisis-skip-assert-invariants
````
